and the Lord spoke to Moses make two
silver trumpets for yourself you shall
make them of hammered work you shall use
them for calling the congregation and
for directing the movement of the camps
when they blow both of them all the
congregation shall gather before you at
the door of the tabernacle of meeting
but if they blow only one then the
leaders their heads of the divisions of
Israel shall gather to you when you
sound the advance the camps that lie on
the east side shall then begin their
journey when you sound the advance the
second time then the camps that lie on
the south side shall begin their journey
they shall sound a call for them to
begin their journeys and when the
Assembly is to be gathered together you
shall blow but not sound the advance the
sons of Aaron the priests shall blow the
trumpets and these shall be to you as an
ordinance forever throughout your
generations when you go to war in your
land against the enemy who oppresses you
then you shall sound an alarm with the
trumpets and you will be remembered
before the Lord your God and you will be
saved from your enemies also in the day
of your gladness in your appointed
feasts and at the beginning of your
months you shall blow the trumpets over
your burnt offerings and over the
sacrifices of your peace offerings and
they shall be a memorial for you before
your God I am the Lord your God now it
came to pass on the 20th day of the
second month in the second year that the
cloud was taken up from above the
tabernacle of the testimony
and the children of Israel set out from
the wilderness of Sinai on their
journeys then the cloud settled down in
the wilderness of Palin so they started
out for the first time according to the
command of the Lord by the hand of Moses
the standard of the camp of the children
of Judah set out first according to
their armies over their army was not the
son of Aminata over the army of the
tribe of the children of Asaka wasn't
its am the son of zoo and over the army
of the tribe of the children of Zebulun
was a liar
the son of healin then the tabernacle
was taken down and the sons of Gershon
and the sons of Merari set out carrying
the tabernacle and the standard of the
camp of Reuben set out according to
their armies over their army was Eliezer
the son of shittier over the army of the
tribe of the children of Simeon Bush
Chelonia the son of Zeus shadow and over
the army of the tribal the children of
GAD was Elias the son of duel then the
kohathites set out carrying the holy
things the tabernacle would be prepared
for their arrival and the standard of
the camp of the children of Ephraim set
out according to their armies over the
air army was Elisha the son of a mile
over the army of the tribe of the
children of Manasseh was Gamaliel the
son of pedasi and over the army of the
tribal the children of Benjamin was
Abidin the son of Gideon I
then the standard of the camp of the
children of Dan the rear guard of all
the camps set out according to their
armies over their army was a hyzer the
son of Emma shadow over the army of the
tribe of the children of Asher was pay
Keo
the son of Akron and over the army of
the tribe of the children of Naphtali
was a Huayra the son of ena thus was the
order of march of the children of Israel
according to their armies when they
began their journey now Moses said to
hope ab the son of Reuel the Midianite
Moses father-in-law we are setting out
for the place of which the Lord said I
will give it to you
come with us and we will treat you well
for the Lord has promised good things to
Israel I will not go but I will depart
to my own land and to my relatives
please do not leave in as much as you
know how we are to camp in the
wilderness and you can be our eyes and
the shall be if you go with us indeed it
shall be whenever good the Lord will do
to us
the same we will do to you
so they departed from the mountain of
the Lord on a journey of three days and
the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord went
before them for the three days journey
to search out a resting place for them
and the cloud of the Lord was above them
by day when they went out from the camel
so it was whenever the ark set out that
Moses said rise up o Lord let your
enemies be scattered and let those who
hate you flee before you
and when it rested he said return Oh
Lord to the many thousands of Israel